So here's a document that specifies the business challenge.

Let's have a look.

Uh, it's end of financial year, and that means.

It means it's time for annual bonuses.

The store, which we're looking at, the store, operates in three regions, and only the top performing

employee in each region qualifies for a bonus.

Find out which three employees are eligible to get a bonus to get bonuses for this year.

Employees are measured on the total number or total value of sales, and the data, as we discussed,



Step1: Lets check how many sales are done by each representative.
Analysis: Representative with most units and representative with less units
Richard is the representative who sold 396(most) units 
Thomas is the representative who sold 89(less) units


Step2 : From the analysis we can say that central region has most sales and west region has less sales
but east reason has best represntative and west has least valued representative. Certainly, consistency
in the sales by the representative can be seen in the central region.

We can also saw best performing representative in each region
Alex best performing representative for the central region
Richard - best performing representative for the East region
James- best performing representative for the West region

Step3: We need to find the dollar value.

total dollar value of sales: the Unit price * Units
total Sales: Unit price* Units	
After calculating total sales the above places were occupied by different representatives.
Mathew is the best performing representative in the central region with the total sales of 3,109 
Susan is the best performing representative in the East region with the total sales of  3,102 
James- is  best performing representative in the West region with the total sales of 1284

Hence we completed our business challenge.
Mathew is the best performing representative who receivees annual bones in the central region
Similarly,Susan for the East and Mathew for the west region.


When we are addding colors to the regions we can cleary see the barchart that different colours represents different regions
like blue color represents Central region where Orange and Purple represents East and West Region respectively.


Now we are adding labels and formatting the bar_chart.
1. now we are adding labels to the field total_sales so that we can see the total sales made by each representative.
2. Now we can add region and representative data fields to the labels.

Now we are going to format the bar_chart and that would be our last step.
