Joining data in tableau.

Tableau has a very convenient functionality that allows you to join two files.
We are creating an inner join between the two tables ListOfOrders and OrderBreakdown
Creating a Map, working with Hierarchies
Now we are going to work with geographical data in tableau.
So, in the ListofOrders sections, the dimensions City,Country,State are identified as the elements of  geographical data.

In the context of data, hierarchies are a logical arrangement of relevant unique attributes in a data set.
 Hierarchies arrange data fields in a level, for instance, a Geography hierarchy would have a region, country, state, city, area levels.
 Or, a Time hierarchy has a year, month, week, day as its levels.

So, We had created a natural geography hierarchy.
1.Country
2.State
3.City

We can see, the level of granularity of the state.
First thing, we want to know, how many sales are done in each one of these regions.

Now the challenge is that, we going to calculate the profit margin of these regions.

Profit margin forumual = Revenue-cost/revenue
                       = Sum(profit)/sum(sales)
Now we had profitmargin which is a calculated field
This Profitmargin field is dertermined as the aggregated Profit margin.

Now we are going to learn about the scaterplot and also multiple filters apply to the worksheets.
We are going to learn how to apply same filter to multiple worksheets.

We want to make our dashboard more interactive for instance, if the user wants to drill into a certain state like
france for instance,he can simply click on this  bubble and then the customer scatterplot will atomatically adjusted to reflect
to reflect only the customers that live in that state.
In tableau there are two types of actions.
1. Filtering
2. highlighting

So, we can click use as filter option in the filter menu

Now the goal today is we want instead of filtering of filtering this scatterplot, we actually want to see the
customers highlighted.So, we want all of the dots to remain, but only the relevant dots to stand out so that
we know how they compare to the rest of the customers on the scatterplot.

The main difference between filtering and higlighting.
Filtering actually filters your data set and therefore allows you to reconstruct the scatterplot.
So, when I have filtering and I select this state eg uk, what happends in the background is tableau selects 
all the rows of the data that are relevant to this state of uk,which will the  uk it only leaves them
and then removes all the rest of the rows in our dataset that have nothing to do with the uk and so then the scatter
plot is only working with the uk rows and it is able to create a scatterplot based on that information.

Hightlighting is that data set is not actually filtered so that process is not running in the background
you are not deleting any or temporary deleting any rows from the dataset, which you are asking the dashboard
to do is plot everything and at the same time highlighting the customers that are relevant or related to UK.


Because some of the our customres are from different regions eg uk,france,,germany and so on.So, one customer in this
particular data set is not attached to one particular state or even country.We can see the customers are from
different states,cities and even countries.
 


